hi guys welcome back once again to her
top great food calm menu for today Thai
fried rice
so this hour we get cook rice flat
parsley soy sauce garlic roasted white
shrimp spring onion Thai chili onion
Envy splice tomato fish sauce and of
course we will use some convoy let's
start cooking this lovely type 5 ways
okay in a wok and have a cooking boil
[Music]
rice
so this w before above like the between
and then I'll show you the next step
now we cook already our rice for five
minutes now we will have
okay
hi-five edge when you software doing
so yes sir
bye Kiwis I'll shut and again like
spring - as that parsley
I didn't buy everything
now run got better and spoke the pink
we're gonna mix this for about three
minutes okay guys now this is our
finished product
Thai fried rice this is good with a
combination of hot dogs or fried egg
again thank you very much for watching
her to wait for that code please don't
forget forget to subscribe to our
YouTube channel thank you bye